pay-per-click in the b2b world is tough
and you already know that it's not
getting any easier so in this video what
I want to show you is some true b2b PPC
expertise we're gonna skip over some
basics we're gonna talk about some stuff
that other people just really aren't
talking about the things you only
learned in the trenches and I'm gonna
show you a clip of an interview I did
with a real b2b PPC expert I know I'll
share with you who that is here in a
second if you're new around here I'm
Brendon Hufford I'm the founder of SEO
for the rest of us I've started and sold
a few online businesses I also lead the
SEO team at Directive search marketing
agency that does both SEO and b2b PPC
for some of the biggest brands in the
world like Allstate betterment Samsung
Cisco companies like that and what I
found in my experience leading the SEO
team at directive is even my top SEO
specialists are a top account strategist
they want to learn PPC as well because
they go sit hand-in-hand so well
together there's also a lot of overlap
in the skill set to be effective at one
and effective at the other so today big
reveal in case you didn't see him in the
thumbnail today I want to show with you
just just a short little clip of an
interview that I did with Bill King who
runs a b2b PPC write drift is a b2b
company
he runs both organic search and paid at
drip so big reveal in case you didn't
see him in the thumbnail I want to share
with you just a super short clip of an
interview I did with Bill King of drip
he runs both PPC and SEO at drift and
today he's gonna share with you some
stuff two things that people don't
really what one people talked a lot
about which is how some of his big wins
in how he got them adrift but also some
of the mistakes that he made and nobody
really talks about that in the b2b PPC
world he's gonna talk about some of the
mistakes he made and just really be a
little bit vulnerable and share some
stuff that you don't hear a lot of
people talk about especially on YouTube
if you're looking on YouTube watching
all these different videos about b2b PPC
they're very how-to but you're not
getting a lot of real honest tactical
advice so let's check out that clip with
bill king of drift
I wanted I want to talk about paid just
for a second I think it's such a cool
thing like people come here to learn SEO
and stuff but I also think like when
there's a second skillset that a lot of
people want to learn like a lot of times
its copywriting that's something I'm
fascinated with but it's also
understanding paid right it's such an
important whether you're doing
consulting or working at a company like
understanding how they work together I
found to be like invaluable so talk if
you could tell me briefly like water
first like what are some of like the
winds that you've had with paid like is
there anything that you found to be like
really successful or anything maybe that
even the other direction was like if
that wasn't the best bet yeah I think
the easiest one was redeveloping the
data strategy unpaid so when I got here
there wasn't a great like system for
different events that we had to fire all
the parameters weren't set up properly
so one of the things that I did was
rebuilt that foundation at first and so
that goes back to that bike that itch to
go get stuff done like we could have
easily walked in here and been like yeah
let's go build a few more campaigns and
then avoided those things because it you
know the temptation was easy to do that
but I think those two things were
probably the biggest wins I had early on
because we needed the right data and a
pace that we move here like you need to
have those foundational things in place
so working with our engineering team
making sure we have the right stuff in
place was really good I think so to talk
about things that didn't work it's
because drift drift isn't one of those
places that just wants to grow as huge
as fastest really possible with with
know like limitations I think that is an
industry is going away I think the
toughest thing has been controlling for
like the LTB the cat type of stuff for
our aggressive goals and just like
monitoring cost and quality I think part
of that too is like as I've been here
we've moved up market to a kind of a
different audience as our core user so
getting our systems in place to adapt to
those really fast changes which
typically take
year six months to a year for most
companies I think that's been a real
challenge for us so maintaining the cost
and scale type of stuff has been it's
been tough and I think we've made some
maybe some bigger bets on driving leads
for the content that have versus leads
maybe have higher intent but there's not
a lot of scale there so I think like
every day I'm trying to understand like
what's the best balance how do I help to
support the sales teens because really
we have four divisions we have like
oxalis freemium type of engine we've got
small medium business and then
enterprise so there's kind of four my
customers might work and it's just like
it's easy to get locked in on like
supporting overall leave number versus
like what's going to deliver the highest
ROI in at the pace that we're going so
every day I'm like trying to learn from
these things and get better and I think
you know fortunately I work in a place
where they're they're pumped if you if
you fail if you still learn something
that they're they're very cool or that
all right I love how bill talks about
like hey don't just make more campaigns
don't just get into it and try to just
get more acquisition more people more
leads more demos booked whatever your
main KPI is nicely this all the time in
my world to an SEO we're you know really
well-intentioned search marketers or hey
let's just do more content let's get
more links and they don't fix those like
fundamental issues that are common on
websites especially for enterprise
brands with really big websites really
powerful sites taking a step back and
making sure you have your ducks in a row
making sure tracking is set up and
everything's set up in the foundation
before you build it out is super smart
and this is true especially in b2b PPC
right if you have any sort of scale
going on you're trying to do anything
important or interesting it's really
difficult to maintain that customer
acquisition costs balance it with
lifetime value especially if like Bill
said you know you're moving upmarket
like drift has been so here's what I'd
love for you to do share in the comments
below what is your biggest win or if you
if you want to be vulnerable like Bill
and you want to share a big setback
you've had or a loss like I would love
to kind of talk through that
let me know your biggest wins or biggest
losses when it comes to b2b PBC let me
know that in the comments below if you
want to learn more about b2b PPC here in
the description I have two playlists for
you the first one walks through just
it's all the pieces of my interview with
Bill so you're like I want to really see
the rest of this interview you can check
that out there's a playlist in the
description below there's also a
playlist that walks through PPC versus
SEO and how that mixes with the SEM and
then all of these different things this
video is a part of that playlist as well
you can check that out in the
description below
last quick note if you are creating
video and audio content like I am make
sure you check out pod reach or com
that's my content partner if you're
running b2b PPC and you're looking to
have content built to drive ads to
taking that content and pulling it
directly into long-form written content
that ranks in search is pod Reacher's
expertise you can check them out at pod
Reacher comma can again final
call-to-action just let me know in the
comments below what is your biggest win
in your role whether it's your company
or you work at a company in the b2b
space when it comes to PPC what's been
your biggest win let me know when I'll
see you in the next 100 days of SEO
video
[Music]